Per Account Keys docs change (#2249)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/cloudflare-one/src/content/identity/users/validating-json.md

 JWT Issuer: `https://<Your Team Domain>`

</Aside>
    
## Updating your Access signing keys
    

> Cloudflare Access uses a certificate to sign responses between your Identity Provider, Cloudflare and the Access JWT. The signing key can be used to validate the Access JWT. If you want your Identity Provider to verify signed responses, then you will need to provide the public key from your Access account. The public key can be found at <your-team-name>.cloudflareaccess.com/cdn-cgi/access/certs. By default, the signing key used by Access rotates every 6 weeks. This means you will need to programmatically or manually update keys as they rotate. Previous keys are valid for seven (7) days after rotation to allow time for rotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare Access uses a certificate to sign responses between your identity provider, Cloudflare and the Access JWT. The signing key can be used to validate the Access JWT. If you want your identity provider to verify signed responses, you will need to provide the public key from your Access account. The public key can be found at [your team domain](/glossary#team-domain).

By default, the signing key used by Access rotates every 6 weeks. This means you will need to programmatically or manually update keys as they rotate. Previous keys are valid for 7 days after rotation to allow time for rotation.
```

> If you would like to enforce a longer or shorter key rotation interval. This can be configured using the following API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enforce a longer or shorter key rotation interval using the following API. For security or testing purposes, keys can be manually rotated using the following API.
```
I'd merge this and the following paragraph into one
